good evening my name is Tom Scott and
this is questionable and the first
question that we are asking tonight is
telepathy flight or invisibility which
superpower would you rather have you can
vote right now by putting a B or C in
the chat box on the right only your
first vote will count so go for it
a for telepathy B for flight C for
invincibility put in the chat box on the
right and while you're doing that let's
meet the three people who are going to
be trying to change your mind first our
the star of stage television and the
Internet his show disgusting songs for
revolting children is on at the
underbelly festival in London on
Saturday the 11th please give an
incredibly loud welcome to Jay Foreman
next up a producer and comedian and also
our emergency Welsh speaker just in case
the Welsh choose this exact moment to
invade please welcome Sarah please and
in the last chair the voice that
launched a thousand ships mostly by just
damaging their moorings please welcome
comedian/actor storyteller an alchemist
well C word thank you very much for
joining us folks are there going to be
four rounds tonight for each one each of
our comedians is going to take the
different side of an argument our but
it's not having the most popular answer
that'll win them the point it is
changing the most Minds out there on the
Internet so with that the first poll is
going to close in 10 seconds thank you
to Ryan Thompson for sending in this
question um Jay you're gonna be on
telepathy Sarah you're gonna be on
flight will you're going to be on
invisibility with that our poll is
closed so let's see what our audience
thinks that it's even like a 36% of our
audience would choose telepathy that's
in the lead 35% would choose flight only
29% will go for invisibility so round
one is it's not a formal debate but I'm
giving you a given gonna give you each
time to make your case so j.y telepathy
I think the best thing about telepathy
is of all of the superpowers available
here in the choice it's the one that you
can most keep a secret so flight for
example the only way you can use it is
by sort of showing off and flying from
one place to another which is a huge
responsibility but if you can use
telepathy you can make all kinds of
things happen because people instead of
being impressed there'll be go how how
did you do that
and just think of the things you can
achieve by that pretty much any job you
wanted to have or thing you wanted to
achieve you could do
whereas flight you can save a bit of
money and time I suppose but you can't
take over the world with flight oh I'm
now hang on are you thinking are you
thinking just mind reading or you
thinking putting thoughts in other
people's heads well I wasn't thinking
putting other thoughts in people's head
now but you put that all in my head now
yeah okay but but you would just got
your gun for mind-reading you were gonna
be able to sloppy by reading your mind
I'd be able to freak you out enough I do
we have any magicians in the audience no
no no we don't there can't be a secret
that has anyone ever done the thing
where you've just thought if there are
any telepaths listening to this get out
of my head has any wonder such as makes
it's the superpower that I always used
to fantasize about having when I was
younger but I think that just tells you
how paranoid I was as a child sorry our
flight why would you go for flight well
I hadn't considered this is this the
time to think about it in terms of what
might freak you out of me no defending I
got freaky on video with five-inch do
you know what I think I think there's a
lot of really short people out there
like me I would quite like to have
flight and I'm not saying you have to
fly off all over the place doing like
like you know leave the loops or
whatever but just hover a bit you know
would that be nice like what was the
last time you saw the top shelf in the
kitchen cupboard like I'm sure I'd put
some great stuff up there just by
throwing up I'd like to know what's that
so if I could just hover a bit and like
you know you could probably use it for
good things and stuff like if you had
I don't know I might like if a neighbor
had like an emergency and she was
telling you I know I really need some
help you could like fly off whether you
come back the option there's no avoiding
neighbors or is that for helping them
well I think you can decide that once
you're off and you got your own space
and I think I think that I'd be fine
I mean telepathy do you really do you
really want to know what everyone's
thinking all the time I'm not sure I do
well you know something I hadn't thought
oh well go smash it off
we'll get on a minute cuz we'll
invisibility
well invisibility is the best one that's
my eye I'm not saying I'm not a
dazzlingly handsome man wouldn't it be
fun to be invisible sometimes especially
because you could pretend to be a ghost
it'll be brilliant you you'd go into a
period property or a castle or any house
actually
and your dare you'd wait until someone
was there and then when they were you
you'd approach them and you go and then
you turn on your invisibility power and
you just disappear and they go ah a
ghost and if you laughed that would just
add to the goose livers I just want to
find out here but but Jay is taking over
the world
Sara is helping out her neighbor and you
are literally just pranking people with
with going in oh I I do not dispute I
would be the least useful superhero
right with that but it but the question
is which superpower would you rather
have and you would go for invisibility
yeah there's other stuff you can do with
it but mostly the ghosts would you be
able to turn the clothes that you're
wearing invisible as well ah because
this makes it a lot more awkward to turn
invisible especially if you're on a
limited time you would I suppose have to
wear a pink focus I mean okay close the
other eye right I don't think
transparent clothes really a thing
outside high fashion and I think they
might get you arrested
not if you are a ghost
it's perfectly fine to be naked if
you're ethereal I think it is flawless
I'm not sure can he turn different bits
of yourself invisible like d-doesn't to
be all-knowing
it's that thing that'd be great if you
see a headless ghost and then clothes me
fine you're just I was just a finger
there is there is the important question
you asked sir which is can you turn it
off cuz right
also the jet yeah this flight you can
just land but telepathy do you want what
invisibility you're assuming you can
turn it on and off yeah telepathy what
if you can't what if you can't stop
reading what some people's any one of
these if you can't turn it off would be
terrifying I don't know if you can't
stop flying
yeah great sharks can't stop swimming I
mean I don't see them complaining do you
think we're in on this I don't know they
seem pretty happy about it
no I get my night I can fly it'd be
great I don't see any pond with that all
the time
telepathy I wouldn't want to know what
everybody's thinking he's but I worry
about what they're thinking enough as it
is all the time that's true I can't see
the YouTube comments here but I assume
they're just being rude yeah like I've
died in a sighting to the world's head
well you know having telepathy would be
like seeing a youtube comment box
everywhere you go oh yes I'm not selling
it well what you just although I'm
trying to appeal to the people of
YouTube so maybe that'll work yeah
actually we have just had that comment
in from ERISA here just says hearing
people's thoughts 24/7 would be like
reading YouTube comments and that's
terrible or else I'm sliding the people
who are commenting right here we also
have chat moderators so we'll see what
we can do um would you be allowed chat
moderators with telepathy there is the
argument that Facebook and Twitter is
basically telepathy just mediated
through a phone you can hear where you
can hear what other people are thinking
when you want to and you can broadcast
your thoughts to others when you want is
it like lip-reading without lips what
what if you know if you look at them
right and then you can kind of see what
they're thinking but they don't have to
be mouthing at you or holding up signs
I mean telepathy is abroad
yeah it could be just what a lot broader
than I thought yeah it could be just one
we've got
currently running through the head or it
could be pulling your secret's out
policing the really awful barely
watchable film what women want the goals
I thought Gibson can read women's minds
bill reminds me of everyone is thinking
out loud in fully formed sentences I
don't about you but whenever I think
something it doesn't always it doesn't
sound like something that you can say
out loud so even if I was able to hear
everybody's thoughts I still wouldn't
understand what the hell they're
thinking about I mean you might have a
Superman problem yeah
like Superman being able to hear every
voice in Metropolis and somehow having
to filter through them Superman's got
all three about probably doesn't not go
invisible how do you know you're quite
right yeah it's true he can fly really
far away and watch you from there though
that's pretty much the same no he's just
like flying behind a wall invisible in
close proximity no that's not creepy
that's cool look imagine with imagine
I'm doing it now I mean I don't have the
graphics available to make you then that
I can try and expand them so they just
kind of cover you in a blue but there we
go yeah that's good hello I'm sure it's
a visa it's a really good disguise that
force oh I can't think almost has a face
on it as well right um let's let's call
it there let's call it there let's go
back to the world because the question
is not which of you has the most popular
answer the question is have you changed
anyone's mind so with that we are
reopening the poll a for telepathy B for
flight C for invisibility even if they
haven't changed your mind keep voting
the poll has been reset let's find out
what the world now thinks now we have we
have a lovely comment in here while
while the poll is coming in from the
nikamoda which says if you were
telepathic where would your mind-reading
powers end could you understand what
animals were thinking that would be even
more terrifying every single fly that
goes past you yeah I think the reason I
just went like this is because I fly
buzzing around here because we have a
YouTube livestream I was trying to make
it look like I just cut yeah
earning myself whereas I actually
probably looked ludicrously cap it's
probably not like complex replies I
probably is thinking she's very shy
which is what I'd be thinking if I had
the power of flight
that's trend aster if you want to get
any last we've got about ten seconds in
the poll left if you want to get your
get your arguments in now imagine not
seeing me now selling in this round only
the first vote count sorry because it's
that's got alright you've got about two
or three seconds get your answer in
and then then it will be over now ten
tone you okay there J you I was telling
my phone off all right you're invisible
right now let's as would everyone let's
see that the poll is now closed here
with the results at the start of that
argument 36 percent the telepathy 35
percent for flight 29 percent for
invisibility the new results are oh it's
a little ship invisible ether stupor
telepathy 34 flight but invisibility has
taken 236 let's see what the changes are
yeah lost a little telepathy lost a
little from flight that with 7% of the
mind change to invisibility this round
winners will see what thank you would be
ghost so that is the first of four
rounds one point to you congratulations
will our next round is a free-for-all
argument not asking for a debate just go
for it and the question is two of these
are going to be banned which one do you
save okay so for the internet out there
let's say through all these things are
going to be banned apart from one you
are voting to save and the options are
watercraft aircraft or land vehicles a
for anything that goes on water we're
talking hovercraft boats anything like
that be for aircraft anything that
floats on air or flies through the air
actually hovercrafts aircraft isn't it I
can think of it whoa fascinating that
changes everything
place on landed yeah alright so for the
routes are just getting done
a B or C is the check you can save one
of them what about space hopper uh I'm
gonna rule that to land vehicle cuz I
wouldn't lie for a space hopper in a
pool oh you have to say one all others
will be banned a for watercraft B for
aircraft C for land vehicles you are
voting to save while we're while we're
dealing with that it's going to be J
you're taking watercraft on this one and
I remember you saying in rehearsals it
something you would genuinely felt
passionate about yeah though I think
about it the more passionately in favor
of watercraft I all right Sarah you're
gonna be taking aircraft and will you're
gonna be taking land vehicles like space
hopper got ten seconds to get your
answer
someone has pointed out what about
rocket here are they are their aircraft
I think I think I'm gonna in order to be
us we've got nods from the audience II
in order to get to space you've got to
go through the air or something has gone
very wrong so with that we are going to
close the poll now let's see what the
results are twelve percent would save
watercraft fifty percent would save
aircraft thirty eight percent would save
land vehicles so aircraft are the one to
save Ben land vehicles then watercraft
um J you felt passionate here so I am
I'm going to give you the T off here
what would you why would you go for what
well I'm not suggesting for a second
that it's not going to be thundering ly
and convenient that the way you have to
get around is going to have to be by
canals and by swimming but if you think
about it historically that is the way we
actually functioned around the world
before they built the railways they
built canals
it was much easy to transport things
very slowly through water than it was by
building on land in the olden days and
the crucial most important thing is that
if we still had sea vessels you could
still actually have transport between
different land masses it's the I mean
any one of these three if you eliminated
them it would be really inconvenient and
awful but by saving water craft that is
the only way that life as we know
could continue we'd still be able to
travel around the world without
polluting I dare say and it would
encourage us to build huge canal systems
through every country which would be
awesome
Sarah you were you were going for
aircraft yeah cuz everybody looks great
in Biggles goggles who doesn't who
doesn't look cooler in those like I'm
pretty sure everyone's with me on this
plus everyone gets a plane like you get
a plane you gonna play uh you're going
for personal personal planes and
hovercraft and little things like that
but I could be any guy think you could
have a variety if you want to be good to
the environment I guess like a balloon
or lots of balloons yourself that'd be
alright science fiction future
Zeppelin's yeah that that's very you
that are you also you know that's not
come fast
but that's fine cool I don't know I
always lose my car in car parks and so
like you probably wouldn't have that
problem if you chose a good bit of sky
feel like oh yeah next to that cloud
that looks sort of like a fishery I mean
I guess the cowboy that's a rectangle
runs the boy down at bust
so what texture isn't it fair like but
oh if the cloud moves I guess so will
the thing you've parked there so in the
universe of yours you can park planes in
the sky and they just hover there ready
for you to climb oh yeah because
otherwise they're land vehicles and you
don't want to oh this pursuit you're
flying thing it would act yeah very much
actually if you could fly you wouldn't
need the vehicle that's true I don't
think I want that one so um will you you
example I'm just to say there are a lot
of people asking where the horses count
as land via horses counters vehicles
that's under luck we'll take that one
though that is your argument to to agree
with or not
well vehicular las' is in the eye of the
transported
so sorry horses yes
so space hoppers aside and we know space
hoppers are great
the disadvantage of course of land
vehicles is everyone would just have to
stay where they were which isn't a good
thing unless you're very very right-wing
but the advantage would be the aircraft
and watercraft would both be banned they
wouldn't be obliterated they'd be banned
and that would mean the only watercraft
would be pirate ships the seas would be
full of pirate ships and the air would
be full of Sky Pirates which are even
better I rest the the comments section
now argue about legs in general unless
people are not Lamphere okay it's a good
point I don't like you don't like your
driving license so you look through the
letters on the bag yeah there are some
weird things on that like some of the
letters of the bombs so they put me in
like small cap so that you don't ever
look into those things like pedestrian
controlled vehicles is one of them I'm
getting that means feet so if it's not a
driving licence like you can say goodbye
to these like they're out of there
that's not a stump on there as well
lawnmowers you've also got a license for
lawn mowers if you can talk to car like
somebody's Gardens start over growing if
you oh oh well ride on lawn mowers
so he pounds the lumber yes try
moving along from the skies here
yes you can sort of napalm it that's not
the best thing to bail alone with is an
aeroplane on its side with the propeller
the precision thing is the thing is Jake
the propeller does propel you towards
the ground so that it very very fast and
if you crashed
you'd be banned because you suddenly be
in a landing that's true how did you
take off that's a good point
oh I think we do you have to allow
takeoff surely South means that we'll be
using the red arrows for a lot more I
guess I don't know garden maintenance I
suppose they could probably like like
like get crops in and stuff if they
phone they flew really close what the
ground and I'll play shop yeah there are
place in the US that use planes for crop
dusting yeah they're at the hell there
are ranches in Australia where they use
helicopters for cattle herding never yep
absolutely
one of most dangerous jobs in the world
just from fear of the helicopter yeah
well it turns out the ranch is the kind
of size you in Australia that you need a
helicopter for so that's extraordinary
so if you've an aircraft then there are
going to be a hell of a lot of undone I
want to say rustled and that's the exact
opposite of the word I want unassailable
I'm Russell and Russell a bull cattle
that's not the right word it's just
really fun to say well the beef industry
is terrible for the environment so go
land vehicles
I feel like I should defend the farmers
on this being from Wales but I guess if
you can't have legs and sheepdogs Akande
it just kind of be like no you can have
way anything like mine because are no
creatures on legs okay get in it unless
there's another creature on top having a
nice ride we go we have a question from
Dan man in devant I am no idea I might
have just said something rude in German
um will are you haven't answered how we
get to other landmasses
I haven't you're quite right we wouldn't
and that that is an issue unless you
joined up Irish haha that's that's the
answer you'd you'd stride up to the
gangway on your legs which aren't
vehicles and unless you had somebody
else on your back and you'd say oh hello
there captain and the captain would say
are very young lad or yeah are very
young lass depending and you'd say I'd
like to go to France and he'd say ah
that'll cost you the lives of seven
innocents and their gold and he thought
about this a lot new Eurostar ticket
costs so much who is Eurostar allowed in
this land vehicles only yes a train one
vehicle surely but it's through the sea
no it's under the sea yeah
like Sebastian in the Little Mermaid
dollars going about reference slightly
you could also write around on giant
crabs in Japan scuba equipment I'll get
some cream for that once alright let's
let's end it there let's go back to the
audience audience have they changed your
minds the polls are open again a four
watercraft B for aircraft seat for land
vehicles you are voting to save one of
them all others will be banned if
they've changed your mind vote if they
haven't changed your mind you still need
to vote again to get counted and only
your first vote will count and the
numbers are starting to come in we do
love you what option do I choose to save
chitty-chitty-bang-bang that's a valid
category no saving chitty-chitty
bang-bang
room 4 here that's going with Minecraft
sir yeah that's true we also have what
about a water jet pack has anyone ever
had to go on that no I've seen people do
it it looks amazing it did anyone has
anyone here try tried once and then the
group are though company I got the group
on with went bust
yes that's my water jet packing story
there i once open you open a bottle of
coke that you've shaken up yeah and
you'd forgotten how much you shaking it
up and then it makes you jump yeah I
kind of done that so it's close I mean
we bottles of coke do you need to just
it just needs to be warned really
surprising one that's fair alright polls
close in about 10 seconds are guys any
final comments to sway the last voters
land land land flag he said it's
a strong magnet this is wrong
five strong arguments yeah let's we said
land six times one of them so we got you
here let's see what the results are the
polls are now the polls are now closed
here were the old results 12% for
watercraft 50% for aircraft 38% for land
vehicles here are the new results yes
it's land vehicles it's gone landing the
aircraft lost out the most there yes
aircraft sorry Sarah aircraft was
comprehensively trouncing Jay you did
move some people over there
but by just 3% of the audience the
winner of round 2 will see what now I
will say well that there are four rounds
admittedly the last one is worth two
points but you are kind of running away
with it here and I think this is this is
going well I've had ghosts and space
hoppers it's good I've had advantages
and you've been doing well in this quiz
nasty ailments our hashtag ban legs
going on chat which are quite like
hashtag hashtag ban legs ban legs Sam
likes great I don't know whether that's
implying that everyone will sort of get
I don't like the way that's ending up
now you can't keep your legs just not
allowed to use them
oh no no
yayyyyy signature everyone one vehicles
definitely like that let's move on round
three is a is a mystery props round J
I'm gonna ask you two to go off you can
take them one at a time for the right to
take the right one first and give that
to me - will that's got his name on it
now that did it you got it bit there you
cannot look up to par got that second
one - Sarah now our comedian genuinely
have no idea what are under these
salvers are they are going to be
debating whatever happens to be under
here so the question is go ahead take
off the tops rice pasta or potatoes
which is the best car behind open you
can build I think a B or C in the chat a
is for rice
B is for pasta and C is for potatoes now
I appeared to be having a technical
problem here because know the numbers
are coming in that's fine oh I'm worried
though the lag has clearly extended it
will be on 10 seconds I was briefly
worried there that's fine we've got mo
dealing we're just gradually speeding up
that's entirely possible
um that's fine it's 25 frames a second
here 24 in the US that's obviously no
that's complete rubbish so would you
like us to move around a little faster
um so a for rice B for pasta sefa
potatoes only your first vote will count
and you vote by typing those letters
into the chat box on the right um you
guys by the way I didn't check his thing
on here celiac what is ailing here have
a have a have a wheat allergy because uh
if I just gave you a sudden load of
pasta there and I can start threatening
people with it you can't that's a really
good game are you saying that we're
gonna have to thank you soon no organs
finished no I would have cooked that
first if I get I did just realize the
studios has no food or drink in here so
feel free to tear open the bags but
please try not to get rice uh rice or
pasta red potatoes I think what are you
gonna have trouble getting them
everywhere yeah about ten seconds left
in the poll here so very best of luck
um anyone wish they've got the other one
here
I am very happy with the potatoes
alright the pole you can plug shoulders
down now freeze it nicely the polls are
now closed let's see the results only
12% in favor of rice what fifty percent
in favor of pasta 38 percent in favor of
potato so pasta is out in the lead um in
which case our let's he says just
checking house he'd hit the correct
button there yeah that's fine um let's
have a look at the answers there I'm
going to go to Sara first because you
were your own pasta white pasta this has
a high enough half people think bass are
already mm-hmm wow you should be pleased
I will be if they still do at the end
we'll see answer chaser mines right
pasta okay good what if okay this is
really important to culture that's what
we need right and stay with me pastor is
absolutely crucial to like education and
culture because who remembers Neil
Buchanan's art attack
yeah yeah right good imagine if he
didn't have pasta we already be making
all the time Tyler that's an
international reference as well art
attacks on loads of channels with love
two presenters brilliant yep so we've
got some nice penne here there's those
little bow things yes
tagliatelle I'm hoping to get some
Italians on my side so we get see that's
one so we need all those for art right
also if we keep sending students like
away and they've got no pasta they're
not gonna do well potatoes are poisonous
they're gonna kill him by canvas I'm
immediately gonna give will the rebuttal
to that I ate a potato yesterday
instead I think I'm still alive after I
saw your convincing ghost yeah yeah yeah
that's true but as a student if you
don't know how to cook I mean pastor
it's probably not delicious if you get
it wrong or don't cook it but nothing to
get it wrong this is right who when they
went to uni ate a lot of pasta anyone
yeah yeah they can't actually see your
hands up in the audience
loaded them guys yeah they're all on
this side
so yeah that's pasta culture and
education because everyone will die all
right
Oh Jay you've been you've been quiet so
far I was intrigued by your argument
about pasta being the best thing that
you can make art with because it's
surely good nice you can create a much
higher resolution image Oh Shirley rice
chunks to Pastor but more importantly
this is way more versatile because not
only can you use rice in you know almost
every kind of Chinese cooking and Indian
cooking it's the most eaten thing in the
world
and whereas pasta can only be used for a
main course you can have rice in a
starter in a main course and a dessert
you can have rice pudding as well that's
that has anyone had dessert pasta is
that a thing what here was made oh
what's modulating falooda India Luda
that sounds great I also saw there was a
new it's a good word though fflewddur
like that I bet there's other good pasta
words but is it Susan there's a New York
cafe that did a chocolate lasagna that
made the internet break for a couple of
days but don't say oh I bet it would be
delicious I have not try some but I'm on
I will false negative lasagna another
thing about rice this just occurred to
me if you're celiac or wheat intolerant
and you can't have pasta you can create
a pasta like substance using rice we do
we do have a comment here from
delicious Dee saying of what about
gnocchi um I'm just we're not gonna
mention yogi we're just lucky is the
hovercraft of the carbohydrates
that if nothing else is the phrase for
the night it says on packets of yucky
well you've been quiet so far and I
sense you are holding together a
barnstorming argument so let Rick like
well I'm gonna I'm gonna start by
getting out a potato
oh my you had one secreted away anyway I
mean they're quite distractingly placed
burger yeah yeah and the total vapor
remain there hmm
petite boy alum nation sticker minused
you gosh aren't they diverse no potatoes
other than gold not knowing what they
are they're they're obviously the best
carbohydrate because if you put them in
a ship and that ship get some water in
the hole they're the only one that won't
make the ship explode is that a strong
enough reason to eliminate the other two
is this an elimination round by the way
this is not elimination round
don't worry but I'm just wishing us
explode do you just mean they're going
to swallow because I think at that point
your problem is not the pasta but the
water well you say that jump am but
water is the natural medium of potato
becoming deliciousness and I once saw an
episode of Hornblower where where he he
stole a ship from France which was full
of rice and that ship exploded and I
don't want that to happen in general in
general also if we're doing art potatoes
are vastly more versatile because you
can carve them yeah you can carve them
into any of the shapes Pasteur can do
you what why fiddle around making it a
high-res rice image when you can just
take your scalpel and and have loads of
fun with a Maris paper Maris Piper is is
a type of potato and not wills axe just
so you know good lord
take your scalpel and have loads of
my Jesus
we have Tom's I cleaned in those look at
the comments have loads of fun with a
Maris Piper and I'll be honest in
hindsight that sounded much worse than
it was
I'm jokin if he actually did have an ex
corde Maris Piper that's true I want to
clarify everyone I am in no way Jack the
Ripper good good how can you defend a
food that takes at least half an hour to
prepare the problem with potatoes it
takes forever to boil them depends how
you do them well you don't have to boil
them you can chop them up good and thin
it takes even longer ha boil them in
cream and then doofen water-based it I
think the owners might be hungry what's
your best pasta dish there and I can do
pasta like what what's your favorite
pants to dish yeah I oh this is this is
not looking good for me and my culinary
skills do you have a favorite pasta
shape Oh
this rice comes in all sorts of sorry
sorry I'm gonna need you to clarify that
what shapes does rice coming in medium
size long and quick cook potatoes have
all three of those and that's just in
their intrinsic for new potatoes baked
picking potato just saving things before
I start forget you can have it there's
so many different ways of cooking it one
of the most amazing ones is the sticky
rice that you get in sushi in Japanese
food but people keep write I read an
article right where these old people
there's a there's a time of year when
apparently they eat these sticky rice
cakes and it keeps killing people
they're really hard to swallow so yeah
like they're just instruments of death
that's hot Rice's you know they're
blowing up ships partly they go they
blow up pigeons if you fit like that's
why you can't throw them a weddings
don't do that that's a data thing so
it's a bitter pretty nasty dangerous
stuff and poisonous potatoes which
apparently wouldn't be a foodstuff
nowadays if they were if they were
discovered nowadays because of how much
the how poisonous they are when they're
uncooked people probably would
keep beating them so your audience is
the pastor is safe pastor is safe
buttocks to a senior alright we're gonna
do it we're gonna close it there and
we're gonna hold
we're gonna ask the audience one more
time have they changed your minds even
if it haven't you will still need to
vote again a for rice beef a pasta C for
potatoes which is the best carbohydrate
a B or C in the comments right now you
can put you let's just keep here for a
minute but man we take these home with
us at the end
yeah yeah right that ain't butter they
can be the prize if you want or dinner
I'm gonna point out there is a vodka
versus our cake right happily in the
comics
no one went for alcohol here you can't
make out the hole with pasta can I make
it with we know but you can drink
alcohol with pasta so how's the women
yep what do you want on the alcohol note
if you leave a potato under a sink it
turns into vodka I challenge you to do
that with your ingredients just your
housemate stealing your potatoes I'm
watering me that's lovely
uh that was we also have microblog anism
here saying out you can make electricity
with potatoes probably quite a few
people have said that as well well you
if you put put the right wires into them
they wilt they like to the small battery
and you can turn them interfaces with
the that that said ARLA pondr has also
pointed out the rice can dry your phone
exactly you can't dry your phone with
the potato but you can wet your phone
without and there's also the suggestion
of nominating from no name given that
you you that you can't throw potatoes at
a wedding comes close in about 10
seconds but I'm not waiting for a couple
you like
how many weddings of couples you don't
like do you go to most of them every
time they give you an invite they always
give you two options which are sorry I
can't make it or I'd be delighted to
make it they never give it a but
grudgingly okay all right the polls are
now closed these were our old results it
was 12% for rice it was 54 passed it was
38 for potatoes let's see if you've
changed anyone's minds good grief it's
all gone for rice that's astonishing
let's see how much that's changed whoa
potatoes are exactly where we were 24%
of the audience have gone from pasta to
rice in taupe I mean people change their
minds all over but the J absolutely a
convincing argument for rice so I get to
keep the rice you get to keep the rice
and this round winner is Jay Foreman hey
so there is one round remaining in this
game and with the points like that will
you can manage a flat-out victory with
this Jay you can pick past will get two
points and take it Sara
you can force a tie-break so it is still
anybody's game as we go into the final
set quick round it's still technically
well so I just hit for chaos now gloves
are off people here's how the last round
works there is going to be about three
minutes on the clock I'm gonna need a
volunteer sitting in the audience
someone here putting the hand up
volunteer sending me oh there we go the
loud voice at the back there what I want
you to do is count in your head from
when the polls close about three minutes
it can be less it can be more about
three minutes when you're getting bored
please yell the words I'm bored really
little boy when that happens the pole is
gonna slam shut and we'll get that and
here's the thing we're not asking the
audience then what the second time is
the audience's results are going to be
on screen continuously and you guys can
change your vote as often as you want
without getting cut by YouTube for
spamming if someone makes a strong
argument enough to change your mind we
will see it right away as the
shift and it's the difference between
what the start was and what the end was
that's going to get you the point you're
already yes look so we're going to start
by asking the internet for its opinion
and it's who would win in a fight Bruce
Wayne Bruce Willis or Bruce Lee audience
here think that's a genuinely difficult
question hey hey you for Bruce Wayne be
for Bruce Willis see for Bruce Lee get
your answer in by typing it in the chat
right now um that is an interesting
question not only just for the fact it's
all Bruce's but because we've got one
fictional better one that plays someone
who's hard and one who really is so I
think that's going to J you're going to
take Bruce Wayne mm-hmm Sarah you're
going to take Bruce Willis mm-hmm
will you're going to take Bruce Lee here
we go
the poll is going to close straightaway
we're going to see some results and it's
whoever's arguing first you ready all
right here our initial results huh
he says goodies like I've done amazingly
well there we go here our initial
results it's for Bruce Willis ah three
days ago to the dice versus pastor thing
we had huh oh my let's see if I've got a
closed poll oh there we go I'm sorry
about the internet I've hit the right
button they are 37% Bruce why yeah 12%
Bruce Willis 51% Bruce Lee here we go
with the second poll kick it off well
Bruce Wayne has access to the most
important power of them all the power of
having millions and millions of dollar
sir so it doesn't matter how tough the
other two are Bruce Wayne could just
build an enormous beat the other two up
'mobile and do it successfully but
that's not an argument for winning in a
fight that's the dozen argument to win
planning for a fight yeah if you can
order Stan how long did it take to get
stuff on Amazon this is like all no my
my body armor hasn't turned up yet he's
still waiting you need to be tough like
straight off the bat and Bruce worth it
with Bruce Willis right he is hard I
mean he's a man who fights in a vest
like you've got a brain
it's not only easy hard as nails but
also heats these pretty decent you know
he'll cover up to it you know and looker
okay but Bruce Lee is the only one who's
an adjective
how so to do a thing in a Bruce Lee way
how did you beat him up Bruce Lee which
melons very web indeed that makes him an
adverb you're a no I don't need grammar
I'm supporting Bruce Lee's that's
actually one you points that's what
Bruce Willis would not be listening to
grammar he'd be punching people but it
depends on whether the question is who
would win in a fight that take place
right now or who would win in a fight
that you can have next week and if the
fight takes place next week it's surely
the one who's richest oh no I think it's
gonna be Bruce Willis cuz he's the only
one who's actually not dead a lot but
we're currently in a world economic
downturn and Bruce Lee is a self-made
man I think Bruce Willis ed Oh Bruce
Willis is fine Bruce weapons finances
would be quite dropping now whereas
Bruce Lee is securing his self-made
martial arts millions and would would
have access to got let's lost me one
percent the polls have closed oh that's
it that's the final results in there let
me check numbers here I realize that was
a jump at the end I'm just checking that
everything came in yes it did we're
running on a lag on the graphics those
are the final results here were the
first numbers 37 to Bruce Wayne twelve
to Bruce Willis 51 to Bruce Lee I'm just
to double-check that with my things yes
we may have had some display glitches
there but those are accurate that's what
the world thought here are the final
results after you guys argued oh I don't
know how much that's changed the answer
is it's too
having the best answer convincing the
most people over to your side
so that gives two points to Sarah and it
means we go to a tie-break there is one
last question and this is entirely on
the audience I'm not gonna ask them what
twice I'm just asked them once who
argued best you are voting a for J you
won't win b-but you're voting Bing for
Sarah or sequels of B for Sarah
Seaver well whoever you vote right now
is going to be the winner of the show
tonight make your last gasp why should
the audience vote for you I was loudest
I mean you convince people for Bruce Lee
uh did I know I did know Bruce Willis
was right I forgot to say anything on
that and I'm going to convince them now
he's got no hair all you internet people
with no hair be on the side of Bruce
Willis is that too late properly haha
please answer no vote for J cuz then we
all have a nice draw that was gonna be
I'll be honest I can see the raw numbers
coming in sir it's not looking for good
view on our that was going to be my
argument if you're enjoying the show
then I vote for you Shores a tie-break
which means we can keep going close in
10 seconds who argued the best ather jb4
sarah c4 will um while I have your
attention thank you very much can we
have an enormous round of applause for
all our three comedians here tonight
to our chat moderators and everyone
who's been giving them trouble online
dream here we'll put all this together
hey here are our final results voting is
closed tonight's winner is mother and
gentlemen it's a three-way tie they all
get to take home the carbohydrate that
they argue for Joe Pavan Roxy would that
have been questionable
I've been Tom Scott have a very very
good night good night
you